feat: process flag evaluation options in client (#31)
open-feature/python-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Development

### System Requirements

Python 3.8 and above are required.

### Target version(s)

Python 3.8 and above are supported by the SDK.

### Installation and Dependencies

> A [`Makefile`](./Makefile) has been included in the project which should make it straightforward to start the project locally. We utilize virtual environments (see [`virtualenv`](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html)) in order to provide isolated development environments for the project. This reduces the risk of invalid or corrupt global packages. It also integrates nicely with Make, which will detect changes in the `requirements-dev.txt` file and update the virtual environment if any occur.

Reviewer: Is using something like pipenv not common? I've been out of the python world for a few years now.. but this is what I've been using in my projects. Handles generating lock files, contains scripts, etc. 

https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/index.html#

Author: Either works. I haven't used `pipenv` yet but it seems like it would work well. I don't really have the time to research and change this all to use `pipenv` instead, so I created [an issue](https://github.com/open-feature/python-sdk/issues/59) to do so. If we prefer not to use Make I'll drop the code instead.

Reviewer 2: I have a chip on my shoulder regarding pipenv as it went ~2 years unmaintained and was buggy as heck. It looks like it's maintained again now but my grudge is also well maintained 😄 

If we want to move to a dedicated packaging product, I would prefer [poetry](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry). I'll follow up on the issue you created @tcarrio .

Author: I brought this up in the main thread [here](https://github.com/open-feature/python-sdk/pull/31#issuecomment-1334767068):

> The last outstanding work for this review seems to be utilizing a different build tool besides Make. I created [a separate issue](https://github.com/open-feature/python-sdk/issues/59) to track that work.
> 
> In the meantime would we prefer to remove Make until Poetry/pipenv/etc. is implemented or leave it to be replaced when that issue is taken on?

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with keeping the makefile for now and dealing with the pipenv / poetry / etc. refactor later.

Run `make init` to initialize the project's virtual environment and install all dev dependencies.

### Testing

Run tests with `make test`.

We use `pytest` for our unit testing, making use of `parametrized` to inject cases at scale. 

### Integration tests

These are planned once the SDK has been stabilized and a Flagd provider implemented. At that point, we will utilize the [gherkin integration tests](https://github.com/open-feature/test-harness/blob/main/features/evaluation.feature) to validate against a live, seeded Flagd instance.

### Packaging

We publish to the PyPI repository, where you can find this package at [openfeature-sdk](https://pypi.org/project/openfeature-sdk/).

## Pull Request

All contributions to the OpenFeature project are welcome via GitHub pull requests.

To create a new PR, you will need to first fork the GitHub repository and clone upstream.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/open-feature/python-sdk.git openfeature-python-sdk
```

Navigate to the repository folder

```bash
cd openfeature-python-sdk
```

Add your fork as an origin

```bash
git remote add fork https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/python-sdk.git
```

> Makes sure your development environment is all setup by building and testing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ensure your development environment is all set up by building and testing
```

```bash
make
```

To start working on a new feature or bugfix, create a new branch and start working on it.

```bash

> git checkout -b feat/NAME_OF_FEATURE

Reviewer 3: Should we precede this step with steps to check out main -- I use git fetch --all --prune then git checkout upstream/main but perhaps there is a better way.

Perhaps everyone contributing is sophisticated to know this, but I've been amazed over the years at how many people don't realize they need to do this or their branch will include the changes from the branch they worked on last.

Author: Since the instructions are written in the context of having just cloned the repository to start the work, so I'm not sure that adding additional steps would make sense since they are unnecessary in this context

Reviewer 2: I tend to agree to with @tcarrio but thanks for the comment @StackScribe .

# Make your changes
git commit
git push fork feat/NAME_OF_FEATURE
```

> Open a pull request against the main js-sdk repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open a pull request against the main python-sdk repository.
```

### How to Receive Comments

- If the PR is not ready for review, please mark it as
  [`draft`](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/).
- Make sure all required CI checks are clear.
- Submit small, focused PRs addressing a single concern/issue.
- Make sure the PR title reflects the contribution.

> - Write a summary that helps understand the change.

Reviewer 3: Also,  if the PR solves an open issue, do you want that referenced in the description of the PR?
